All of these are various articles from wikipedia about food. We will clean it with regular expressions.

Carne asada is a dish of grilled and sliced beef, usually skirt steak, sirloin steak, tenderloin steak, or rib steak. It is usually 
involves cooking with a marinade and some searing to impart a charred flavor. Carne asada can be served as a main dish or as one of 
the ingredients in other dishes.

The term carne asada translates literally to "grilled meat"; the English-style dish "roast beef" is called by its English name 
in Spanish, so that each dish has a distinctive name. The term carne asada is used in Latin America and refers to the style of 
grilled meat in those countries. In South America, the term used for grilled meat is asado and it has a different style and 
preparation.

A pancake (or hotcake, griddlecake, or flapjack, not to be confused with oat bar flapjacks) is a flat cake, often thin and round, 
prepared from a starch-based batter that may contain eggs, milk and butter and cooked on a hot surface such as a griddle or frying 
pan, often frying with oil or butter. Archaeological evidence suggests that pancakes were probably the earliest and most widespread 
cereal food eaten in prehistoric societies.

The pancake's shape and structure varies worldwide. In the United Kingdom, pancakes are often unleavened and resemble a crepe. 
In North America, a leavening agent is used (typically baking powder) creating a thick fluffy pancake. A crepe is a thin Breton 
pancake of French origin cooked on one or both sides in a special pan or crepe maker to achieve a lacelike network of fine bubbles. 
A well-known variation originating from southeast Europe is a palacinke, a thin moist pancake fried on both sides and filled with 
jam, cream cheese, chocolate, or ground walnuts, but many other fillings—sweet or savoury—can also be used.

When potato is used as a major portion of the batter, the result is a potato pancake. Commercially prepared pancake mixes are 
available in some countries. When buttermilk is used in place of or in addition to milk, the pancake develops a tart flavor and 
becomes known as a buttermilk pancake, which is common in Scotland and the US. Buckwheat flour can be used in a pancake batter, 
making for a type of buckwheat pancake, a category that includes Blini, Kaletez, Ploye, and Memil-buchimgae.

Pancakes may be served at any time of the day or year with a variety of toppings or fillings, but they have developed associations 
with particular times and toppings in different regions. In North America, they are typically considered a breakfast food and serve 
a similar function to waffles. In Britain and the Commonwealth, they are associated with Shrove Tuesday, commonly known as "Pancake 
Day", when, historically, perishable ingredients had to be used up before the fasting period of Lent.

The name of the dish comes from the Middle High German kugel meaning 'sphere, globe, ball' thus the Yiddish name likely originated 
as a reference to the round, puffed-up shape of the original dishes (compare to German Gugelhupf—a type of ring-shaped cake). 
Nowadays, however, baking kugels often requires the use of square pans providing the modern square shape but retaining the 
original name.